chore: add preview 10 testnet release summary notes (#1000)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/releases/overview.md

The Vega core software is public and open source under the [AGPL ↗](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html) license, so you can both view the repository change logs, and refer here for summary release notes for each version that the validators use to run the Vega mainnet. Releases are listed with their semantic version number and the date the release was made available to mainnet validators.

## Pre-release versions v0.75.0-preview.9 and v0.75.0-preview.10 (combined)  | 2024-03-18
This version was released to the Vega testnet on 18 March 2024.

### Bug fixes

> - Recently a fix was added to the perpetual auction tracking so that it would handle an auction leaving and starting in the same block. This change removed the last completed (`start`, `end`) pair, and was replaced to treat this situation as one large auction period to avoiding having a `0` length out-of-auction interval. The original change did not undo the cached value of the total time spent in complete auction periods resulting in a core panic. This was resolved in [issue 10916 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10916).
> - An alert was observed in mainnet of a suspected duplicate deposit. During the investigation it was found that the duplicate event was caught and rejected by the validation and will never finalise. However, the status shown in the API was still showing as `OPEN`. The status in the API is now correctly updated with the introduction of the fix in [issue 10915 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10915).
> - A user submitted feedback regarding the `balances` API taking a very long time to return any values. It was found that when a `from` and `to` data range wqas not specified the query performed a full table scan, posing a risk to data node stability. This has been resolved by adding in validation such that the date range must be provided with a `from` or `to` date, and the period must not be greater than `1` year. This has been fixed in [issue 10910 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10910).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a previous release, [issue 10852 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10852) was introduced to handle an auction leaving and starting in the same block. However, it did not undo the cached value of the total time spent in complete auction periods, resulting in a core panic. This was resolved in [issue 10916 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10916).
- A mainnet alert raised a suspected duplicate deposit. While the duplicate event was caught and rejected by the validation, and thus would never finalise, the status in the API was still showing as `OPEN`. The API will now correctly update with the introduction of the fix in [issue 10915 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10915).
- A user submitted feedback regarding the `balances` API taking a very long time to return any values. It was found that when a `from` and `to` data range was not specified, the query performed a full table scan, posing a risk to data node stability. This has been resolved by requiring a date range be provided with a 'from or 'to' date, and the period must not be greater than 1 year. This has been fixed in [issue 10910 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/10910).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API change
- The `Get deposit`/ deposit status API now has a field for `STATUS_DUPLICATE_REJECTED`.

```
